留美 专家 张旭点 评梦 游 仙境 个人 陈述 1 
 澳际 教育 集团 留美 专家 张旭 老师 点评 梦游 仙境 个人 陈述 1 
 点评 ： 题目 的 关键 地方 是 什么 ？ RELATE , 看 清楚 这个 词 ， 然后 琢磨 一下 自己 的 兴趣 和 学业 目标 如何 能 统一起 来 ？ 
 修改 后 的 个人 陈述 (P S) ： 
 Common beliefs have it that Bill Gates means no more than a name with the heavy color green , the color of dollar bills . I shared with this common belief until a recent news that Bill Gates says to donate all of his fortune to charity . At that moment , I started to reconsider my conception abut this name , this person , and my own goal in life as well 。 
 I used to believe that making billions of money can certainly realize my dream and bring my family happiness . My deep interests in numbers , figures and logics seem to be oriented toward one simple direction : making big money . But what is next after all the money in hand ? Can money realize everything for me ? The more thinking I have about Bill Gates ’ recent deeds , the more I feel my interests and abilities should be poised for higher purposes . In college , I want to learn ac countings , fiscal theories , micro-economics and financial models and more .   I want to further develop my interests in math and physics through various practices . Ultimately , a trained professional is someone I want to be in my life , who can use expertise to help people better managing the ir weal th and help corporations better operating the ir business . And , I can also be the bridge between people such as Bill Gates and the charity and o ther noble attempts . All of the fascinating knowledge , skills and know-how that I learn in college will be readily applied to the works I love and generate results . I sn’t it more exciting than just thinking about making big cash all day ? 
 This is something I am truly interested in doing , and I believe this is a goal I will definitely fight for its achievement . At the same time , I am also confident that my diligence in work and keen interests in what I do will eventually bring the necessary rewards to me , including money and honors .  
 原文 链接 ： http://blog.sina.com . cn/s/blog _ 6154 f 9160100e4yv.html ? tj= 1 

 