翟华 ： 英国 牛津 大学 的 “ 面试 样题 ” (图 ) 
 进入 牛津 读 大学 很 不 容易 ， 牛津 有 一系列 措施 非常 严格 的 甄选 过程 来 评估 学生 的 能力 和 潜力 ： 面试 ； 能力 测试 ； 写作 能力 测试 ； 中学 预测 成绩 ； 已 获 成绩 ， 推荐信 等 。 入学 面试 是 其中 的 一个 关键 环节 。 牛津 大学 最近 公布 了 部分 面试 样题 ， 题目 全部 来自 牛津 大学 负责 面试 的 考官 ， 并 解释 了 他们 提问 那些 “ 听起来 很 古怪 的 问题 ” 背后 的 理由 ( 英语 原文 附后 ) 。 
 招生 主任 Mike Nicholson 说 ， “ 关于 牛津 大学 的 面 试题 ， 外界 有 很多 传闻 ， 但 我们 的 开放式 题目 并不 是 捉弄人 的 ， 题目 不 要求 任何 特殊 知识 ， 也 没有 什么 ‘ 对 ’ 或 ‘错 ’ 的 答案 。 那些 开放式 问题 是 为了 激发 学生 与 面试官 之间 的 讨论 ， 观察 考生 对 新 思想 的 反应 或者 是否 能 提出 有趣 的 论点 。 ” “ 我们 希望 看到 候选人 的 思考 过程 ， 而 不是 得出 具体 的 答案 。 面试 问题 会 从 熟悉 的 领域 开始 ， 然后 拓展 到 课本 以外 的 广泛 领域 ， 看看 他们 如何 应对 新 的 知识 和 思想 。 面试 不是 测试 个性 或 爱好 ， 不 会 涉及 与 所 选 主题 无关 的 事情 ， 例如 嗜好 或 运动 成绩 等等 。 ” 
 负责 英语 学科 面试 的 考官 Lucinda Rumsey 说 ： “ 我们 不是 为了 难住 考生 ， 所以 没 必要 猜测 考官 接下来 要 问 什么 ， 没 必要 提前 准备 好 答案 。 开放式 问题 是 为了 激起 讨论 ， 可以 有 很多 发散 思维 的 方向 。 我们 希望 看到 候选人 的 批判性 思维 以及 如何 探索 新 的 思路 。 ” “ 希望 这些 例子 对 考生 入学 面试 准备 有所 帮助 。 它 也 可以 让 候选人 提前 了解 牛津 大学 的 氛围 ， 因为 入学 后 ， 这样 的 面试 过程 在 学习 任何 一 门 课程 时 都会 遇到 。 ” 
 牛津 大学 面试 问题 
 Subject 科目 ： 地理    Geography 
 面试 老师 Interviewer : Lorraine Wild , St Hilda ’ s College 
 问 ： If I were to visit the are a where you live , what would I be interested in ?    ( 如果 我 去 你 的 家乡 旅行 ， 我 应该 看 些 什么 有趣 的 东西 ？ ) 
 Subject 科目 ： 现代 语言 Modern languages 
 面试 老师 ： Helen Swift , St Hilda ’ s学院 
 问 ： What is language( 什么 是 语言 ) ？ 
 Subject 科目 ： 英语 English 
 面试 老师 ： Lucinda Rumsey , Mansfield College 
 问 ： Why might it be useful for an English student to read the Twilight series( 为什么 英文 专业 的 学生 有 必要 阅读 Twilight ( 暮光 之 城) 系列 ？ ) ？ 
 Subject 科目 ： 医药 Medicine 
 面试 老师 ： Robert Wilkins , Department of Physiology , Anatomy and Genetics (生 理学 ， 解剖学 和 遗传学 系 ) 
 问 ： 为什么 运动 时 你 的 心跳 会 加速 ( Why does your heart rate increase when you exercise) ？ 
 Subject 科目 ： 生物 科学 Biological sciences 
 面试 老师 ： Martin Speight , Department of Zoology ( 动物 系) 
 问 ： If you could save either the rainforests or the coral reefs , which would you choose ? ( 如果 你 只能 拯救 热带 雨林 或 珊瑚礁 中 的 一个 ， 你 会 选择 哪个 ) ？ 
 Subject 科目 ： 法律 Law 
 面试 老师 ： Ben McFarlane , Facul ty of Law (法 学院 ) 
 问 ： What does it mean for someone to ‘ take ’ another 's car( 一个 人 “ 拿走 ” 别人 的 车 是 什么 意思 ) ？ 
 Subject 主题 ： 工程 Engineering 
 面试 老师 ： Byron Byrne , Department of Engineering Science ( 工程 科学 系) 
 问 ： How would you design a gravity dam for holding back water ( 你 会 如何 设计 一个 重力 蓄水 大坝 ) ？ 
 Interview questions 
 Subject : Geography 
 Interviewer : Lorraine Wild , St Hilda ’ s College 
 Q : If I were to visit the are a where you live , what would I be interested in ? 
 Lorraine Wild : ‘ The question gives candidates an opportunity to apply concepts from the ir A level geography course to the ir home area . They might discuss ur ban planning and regeneration , ethnic segregation and migration , or issues of environmental management . The question probes whe ther they are able to apply ‘ geographical thinking ’ to the everyday landscapes around them . It reveals the extent to which they have a curiosity about the world around them . By a sking specifically about the ir home are a the question eliminates any advantage gained by those who are more widely travelled and have more experience of a variety of geographical contexts . ’ 
 Subject : Modern languages 
 Interviewer : Helen Swift , St Hilda ’ s College 
 Q : What is language ? 
 Helen Swift : ‘ Although I would never launch this question at a candidate on its own , it might grow out of a discussion . Students sometimes say they like studying Spanish , for example , because they 'love the language' . In order to get a student thinking critically and analytically , the question would get the m to consider what constitutes the language they enjoy ? is it defined by particular features or by function ( what it does) ？ How does form relate to meaning ? And so on . ’ 
 Subject : English 
 Interviewer : Lucinda Rumsey , Mansfield College 
 Q : Why might it be useful for an English student to read the Twilight series ? 
 Lucinda Rumsey : ‘ There's several reasons I might a sk this one . It 's useful in an interview to find some texts the candidate has read recently and the Twilight books are easily accessible and popular . Also , candidates tend to concentrate on texts they have been taught in school or college and I want to get the m to talk about whatever they have read independently , so I can see how they think rather than what they have been taught . A good English student engages in literary analysis of every book they read . The question has led to some interesting discussions about narrative voice , genre , and audience in the past . ’ 
 Subject : Medicine 
 Interviewer : Robert Wilkins , Department of Physiology , Anatomy and Genetics 
 Q : Why does your heart rate increase when you exercise ? 
 Robert Wilkins : ‘ The simple answer , which all students can provide , is because you need to deliver more oxygen and nutrients to muscles and remove metabolic products . But follow - up questions would probe whe ther the student appreciates that there must be a way for the body to know it need s to raise the heart rate , and possible ways for achieving this . Answers might include sensing lowered oxygen or raised carbon dioxide levels . In fact , gas levels might not change much , so students are further a sked to propose o ther signals and ways in which those possibilities could be tested . This probes selection criteria such as problem - solving and critical thinking , intellectual curiosity , enthusias m and curiosity , and the ability to listen . ’ 
 Subject : Biological sciences 
 Interviewer : Martin Speight , Department of Zoology 
 Q : If you could save either the rainforests or the coral reefs , which would you choose ? 
 Martin Speight : ‘ I’d expect students to be able to use the ir general knowledge plus the ir common sense to come up with an answer ? no detailed knowledge is required . Students might then be a sked about the importance of natural features , such as biodiversity and rare species , and human interests , such as the fuel and food , ecotourism and medicines we get from rainforests or reefs . Finally there are impacts to consider from climate change , soil erosion , pollution , logging , biofuel replacement , overfishing , etc . The final answer doesn 't matter ? both reefs and rainforests must be managed sustainably to balance conservation and human needs . ’ 
 Subject : Law 
 Interviewer : Ben McFarlane , Facul ty of Law 
 Q : What does it mean for someone to ‘ take ’ another 's car ? 
 Ben McFarlane : ‘ There is no right answer to this question . For example , can you take a car without driving it , or even without moving it ? Our focus is on the candidate ’ s reasoning ? how he or she formulates an initial definition , and how he or she then applies and refines that initial definition in response to hy pothetical examples provided by the interviewers . One example might be : I am walking along the street when it starts to rain . I open the door of an unlocked car and sit there for 15 minutes until the rain passes . Have I ‘ taken ’ the car ? The aim of the interview is to give the candidate a chance to show his or her application , reasoning ability , and communication skills . ’ 
 Subject : Engineering 
 Interviewer : Byron Byrne , Department of Engineering Science 
 Q : How would you design a gravity dam for holding back water ? 
 Byron Byrne : ‘ This is a great question because the candidate first has to determine the forces acting on the dam before considering the stability of the wall under the action of those forces . Candidates will probably recognise that the water could push the dam over . The candidate would then be expected to construct simple mathe matical expression _ r_r_rs that predict when this would oc cur . Some may also discuss failure by sliding , issues of structural design , the effects of water seeping under the dam , and so on . The candidate will not have covered all the material at school so guidance is provided to assess how quickly new id eas are absorbed . The question also probes the candidate ’ s ability to apply physics and maths to new situations and can test interest in and enthusias m for the engineered world . ’ 

 