超全 总结 ： SAT 考试 长文 各种 阅读 试题 
 6 . The primary purpose of Passage 2 is to 
 (A ) confirm a widely held belief 
 (B ) discuss the inade quacies of a ruling 
 (C ) defend a controversial technology 
 (D ) analyze a widespread social problem 
 (E ) lay the foundation for a course of action 
 7. What would be the most likely reaction by the author of Passage 1 to the argument cited in lines 16 - 21 of Passage 2 ( “ Nothing . . . another ” ) ? 
 (A ) Surprise at the assumption that freedom of s peech is indispensable to democracy 
 (B ) Dismay at the Supreme Court ’ s vigorous defense of vendors ’ rights 
 (C ) Hope that the same reasoning would be applied to all unsolicited e - mail 
 (D ) Concern for the plight of mass marketers facing substantial economic losses 
 (E ) Appreciation for the political complexity of the debate about spam 
 8 . Unlike the author of Passage 1 , the author of Passage 2 
 (A ) criticizes a practice 
 (B ) offers an example 
 (C ) proposes a solution 
 (D ) states an opinion 
 (E ) quotes an expert 
 3 . 长文 阅读 试题 
 下面 是 一 篇 阅读 长文 ， 由于 篇幅 原因 只 列出 文章 但 未 给 出 问题 ， 作者 在 此 只 想 让 大家 感受 一下 ， 若 读者 有 兴趣 练习 更 多 的 试题 的话 ， 请 看 其他 关于 SAT 的 书籍 。 
 Passage 1 is from a 2003 book that examines the famous “ I Have a Dream ” s peech delivered by Martin Luth rKing , Jr . at the historic March on Washington in August 1963 . Passage 2 is from a 2000 biography of Martin Luther King , Jr . written by an A frican American scholar 。 
 Passage 1 
 The ability of the “ I Have a Dream ” s peech to highlight King ’ s early career at the expense of his later career ac counts for the tone of impatience and be trayal that often appears when modern - day supporters of King ’ s agenda talk about the s peech . Former Georgia state legislator Julian Bond said in 1986 that commemorations of King seemed to “ focus almost entirely on Martin Luther King the dreamer , not on Martin King the antiwar activist , not on Martin King the challenger of the economic order , not on Martin King the opponent of aparthe id , not on the complete Martin Luther King 。 ” One King scholar has proposed a ten - year moratorium on reading or listening to the “ I Have a Dream ” s peech , in the hopes that America will then discover the rest of King ’ s legacy . This proposal effectively concedes that King ’ s magnificent address cannot be recovered from the misuse and over quotation it has suffered since his death . But it is not clear that this is so . Even now , upon hearing the s peech , one is struck by the many forms of King ’ s genius . Many people can still remember the first time they heard 
 “ I Have a Dream , ” and they tend to speak of that memory with the reverence reserved for a religious experience . At the very least , reflecting on the “ I Have a Dream ” s peech should be an opportunity to be grateful for the a stonishing transformation of America that the freedom movement wrought . In just under a decade , the civil rights movement brought down a system of segregation that stood essentially unaltered since Reconstruction . King ’ s dreams of an America free from racial discrimination are still some distance away , but it is a stounding how far the nation has come since that hot August day in 1963 . Segregation in the South has been dismantled ; there are no longer “ Whites Only ” signs ; segregationist governors do not try to p revent Black children from entering public schools . Toward the end of his life , King preached a sermon entitled “ Ingratitude , ” in which he called ingratitude “ one of the greatest of all sins , ” because the sinner “ fail[s ] to realize his dependence on o thers 。 ” The annual Martin Luther King holiday is properly a day of national thanksgiving , a time for the nation to recognize the immense debt it owes to King and the thous ands of heroes of the civil rights movement for saving the soul of America 。 
 Passage 2 
 Martin Luther King was at his best when he was willing to reshape the wisdom of many of his intellectual predecessors . He ingeniously harnessed the ir id eas to his views to advocate sweeping social change . He believed that his early views on race failed to challenge America fundamentally . He later confessed that he had underestimated how deeply entrenched racis m was in America . If Black Americans could not depend on goodwill to create social change , they had to provoke social change through bigger efforts at nonviolent direct action . This meant that Blacks and the ir allies had to obtain political power . They also had to try to restructure American society , solving the riddles of poverty and economic ine quality . This is not the image of King that is celebrated on Martin Luther King Day . Many of King ’ s admirers are un comfortable with a focus on his mature beliefs . They seek to deflect unfair attacks on King ’ s legacy by shrouding him in the cloth of superhuman heroism . In truth , this shroud is little more than romantic tissue . King ’ s image has often suffered a sad fate . His strengths have been needlessly exaggerated , his weaknesses wildly overplayed . King ’ s true legacy has been lost to cultural amnesia . As a nation , we have emphasized King ’ s aspiration to save America through inspiring words and sacrificial deeds . Time and again we replay the powerful image of King standing on a national stage in the shadow of the Lincoln Memorial mouthing perhaps the most famous four words ever uttered by a Black American : “ I have a dream 。 ” For most Americans , those words capture King ’ s unique genius . They express his immortal longing for freedom , a longing that is familiar to every person who dares imagine a future be yond unjust laws and unfair customs . The edifying universality of those four words—who has not dreamed , and who cannot id entify with people whose dreams of a better world are punished with violence ? — helps to explain the ir durability . But those words survive , too , because they comfort folk who would rather entertain the dreams of unfree people than confront the ir rage and despair 。 
 4. 试题 答案 
 1. (E )      2 . ( A)      3 . (B )     4. ( A)    5. (E )     6 . (E )      7. (C )      8 . (C )   

 